DFF terms and conditions: 

A. General rule:  

a1. You must follow all instructions given by the staff as it may concerns health and safety which is a legal requirement.  
a2. Please cancel the booking if it is no longer needed.  
a3. You must attend the appointment in person.  
a4. The grace period is 15 minutes the appointment will be treated as cancelled if no communication is made prior to booking time. 
a5. For large quantity or group booking contact us directly and will be subject to additional checks. 
a6. You will be referred to use another service if it is deemed more appropriate for the request.  

B. Cost 
b1. Cost of fabrication materials which are not refundable will be settled after the items are collected.  
b2. You can bring your materials which is free but we may take extra steps to calibrate the equipment to use your materials, and we may cancel the service if the material you are bringing is deemed unsuitable. 
b3. Library credits are not accepted by our facility. 
b4. Large format printing with paper must be paid in advance.

C. 3D printing service condition:  
c1.This booking is for consultation only and is not an indication for printing time. The completion time could range from a few hours to a few days.  
c2. Estimated time for completion and collection can only be provided once the request passes all checks.  
c3. Unexpected failure may occur which could delay completion so do not book on the day of submission. 
c4. The model format required officially is STL. Check online guides for help. 

D. lasercut service condition:
d1. Ideally files should be formatted as Ai( Adobe Illustrator). Guidelines are available online. CAD or Rhino file may also work but must be in 2D. 
d2. The laser can cut or engrave lines on the material, so the minimal requirement is to have vector lines for cutting and engraving set with 2 different colours. 
d3. Make sure you have booked the correct machine for the appointment. 

E. large format printing service condition:
e1. you can only print either A1 or A0 sizes. Anything else is not permitted. 
e2. Do not book on the same day of the submission.
e3. Only in-house paper are allowed. For special print please ask your lecturer to liase and procure in advance.
 
